# Onboarding Tests
Feature: Onboard COR contractor

Scenario: Onboard COR contract
    Go to https://release-app.usemultiplier.com
    login with email:tester+bullertest@usemultiplier.com password:Password@123
    Click on 'Hire & onboard' option from the left nav bar
    Click on 'Contractor' tile in the list
    Click 'Add Contractor' option in the 'How do you want to add Contractor?' dialog box
    CLick 'Select country' dropdown, type IND in the search field. Select 'India' option from the dropdown values
    CLick 'Contractor of Record' option
    Click 'Yes' for Question 1 - under 'Relevant practices in the agreement include' in  COR Terms section
    Vertical Scroll to the next view in page
    Click 'Yes' for Question 2 - 'work is NOT characterized by any of the following unsupported roles'
    Click Continue in the Engagement Screen
    Input 'First and Middle Name(s)' text field with value 'John'
    Input 'Last Name' text field with value 'Doe'
    Click 'Gender' dropdown, Select 'Male' value in the dropdown
    Input 'Personal Email Address' text field with value 'tester+john_doe_test3@usemutiplier.com'
    Click 'Agreement Start Date' field. When the calendar appears, navigate to the current month if needed. Then click on the "1" date (first day of current month).
    Click 'Agreement End Date' field. When the calendar appears, navigate to the next month (use the month/year selector at the top of the calendar if required). Then click on the same day as today's date. For example, if today is May 15, 2024 (Choose the year selector as 2024, Choose month June and date as 15)
    Click Continue in the Basic Details Screen
    Verify if 'Fixed rate' option is pre-selected by default for 'Billing type'
    Verify if 'INR' currency is chosen in the Billing rate
    Input currency as '100000' in the Billing rate type text field
    Verify if 'Month' is pre-selected in the dropdown for 'Billing rate per'
    Verify if 'Monthly' option is pre-selected by default for 'Payment frequency'
    Vertical Scroll to the next view in page
    Click on Remind contractor date picker field. Choose date as 5 in the month
    Click Continue in the Compensation Screen
    Vertical Scroll to the next view in page
    Click Continue in the Insurance Screen
    Click Continue in the Compliance Screen
    Click on work title dropdown and select first dropdown value
    Click Continue in the Work Details Screen
    Navigate to Gmail (https://gmail.com)
    Login to Gmail with email: tester@usemultiplier.com
    Enter password: ZKNh\8P0c501
    Click Sign in button
    Open the email with subject 'Agreement from Multiplier' filterered to 'Personal Email Address' with 'tester+john_doe_test3@usemutiplier.com'
    Click 'Review Agreement and Sign' button
    Click Start button in the Pandadoc template
    Click on Signature field
    Click 'Accept and sign' button
    Click Date field. Choose today's date from the calendar. Click Next button.
    Click on Signature field
    Click Date field. Choose today's date from the calendar. Click Next button.
    CLick Finish
    Open the email with subject 'Additional Details required for your Onboarding at Multiplier' filterered to 'Personal Email Address' with 'tester+john_doe_test3@usemutiplier.com'
    Click Get Started button
    Input 'Password22#' in the 'Password' field
    Input 'Password22#' in the 'Confirm Password' field
    Enable checkbox 'I agree to the Terms & Conditions'
    Click 'Sign in' button
    Click 'Get Started' button
    Click 'Date of Birth' field. Choose Year 2000, Month June, Date 25
    Click 'Marital Status'. Choose Married from the dropdown values
    Click 'Phone Number'. Input value '94678678'
    Click 'Current Address'. Input value '5th street'
    Input 'City' field with value 'ABC'
    Input 'Postal Code/Zip code' with value '12123'
    Vertical scroll to Continue button
    Click Continue button
    Click 'Identity proof' dropdown. Select 'Aadhar No.' Provide input as '123' in Add Number field
    Click 'Father/Husband name' dropdown. Select 'Father name' Provide input as 'ABC' in Add Name field
    Click Continue button
    Click 'Bank Account Type' dropdown. Choose Local bank account.
    Input 'ABC ABC" in 'Full name of the account holder' field
    Input 'SBIN0001067 in IFSC code field
    Input '121212' in Account number field
    Click 'Bank Country' Dropdown. Search for India. Choose India from the values
    Input '1212' in 'Bank Postal Code' field
    Input 'ABC' in 'Bank City' field
    Input 'ABC ABC' in 'Receipient address' field
    Click Upload File and upload some dummy Document
    Click Continue button
    Click Upload File option in 'Identity Proof/Passport Copy' and upload some dummy document
    Click Upload File option in 'Address Proof' and upload some dummy document
    Click Continue button
    Click Confirm button
    Go to https://release-app.usemultiplier.com
    login with email:nathan+ops@usemultiplier.com password:password
    Click on members
    Click Filters button
    In 'Filter by' dropdown, choose 'Member Name' value. Input First and last name separated by space in matching field
    Click Apply filter
    Open the member from the search result
    Click Start Verification
    Click Verification Complete
    Click Activate
    Verify that Contract Status is ACTIVE